v1.4.6 (#839)
github/vscode-codeql: extensions/ql-vscode/CHANGELOG.md

# CodeQL for Visual Studio Code: Changelog

## 1.4.6 - 21 April 2021

> - Avoid showing an error popup when user runs a query with `@kind table` metadata. [#814](https://github.com/github/vscode-codeql/pull/814)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Avoid showing an error popup when running a query with `@kind table` metadata. [#814](https://github.com/github/vscode-codeql/pull/814)
```
